Iss 195 input snapping, splitting geometries (#199)
MerginMaps/docs: src/gis/snapping/index.md

[<QGISPluginName />](../../manage/plugin-sync-project/) provides three snapping options:
- *No snapping* - snapping is not enabled (default)
- *Basic snapping* - features are snapped to the vertices and segments of vector features in the project
- *Follow QGIS snapping* - uses the snapping preferences defined in the QGIS project

## Basic snapping
To set up basic snapping:
1. Open your <MainPlatformName /> project in QGIS
2. Go to the **Project Properties**
![project properties](./qgis-project-properties.png)

3. Navigate to the **<MainPlatformName />** tab and change the snapping settings to **Basic snapping**
![project properties](../project_snapping.png)

4. Apply the changes, save and sync your project. 
   
   Don't forget to synchronise the project also in <MobileAppName /> before the fieldwork.

Now you can use basic snapping in <MobileAppName />! 

When capturing a new feature near an existing one, the cross hairs will turn purple and snap to its vertex (left) or to its segment (right).
![project properties](./input_basic_snapping.png)

:::tip

> If you don't want the cross hairs to snap to a feature, try zooming in. The snapping threshold is 20 pixels, so the more you zoom in, the closer you can place the vertex to the existing geometry without snapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want the crosshair to snap to a feature, try zooming in. The snapping threshold is 20 pixels, so the more you zoom in, the closer you can place the vertex to the existing geometry without snapping.
```
